README.md, before:

### 24metrics.io Go Programming Challenge

Hello, Gopher 👋 This is 24metrics's challenge for potential new engineering team members.

#### Instructions

 - The time limit is **1 day**
 - You shall complete this challenge using **Go language**
 - You should try to show your development process to present a **production-ready** code
 - Please, describe your approach, technical choices and anything you want us to know in a README.md file
 - **Do not publish** your work on a GitHub or other public platforms

#### Requirements

Build a microservice to obtain live cyclone information from [this web page](http://rammb.cira.colostate.edu/products/tc_realtime/index.asp).

Please complete the following:

 - Setup development environment with Docker
 - Design a database table schema for storing cyclone tracking information
 - Store the crawled information
 - Write tests for your code, both unit and integration tests

#### Notes

 - Even if it's only an interview challenge, we expect you to provide a solution you would do in a professional situation.
 - It should be fun for yourself. Email us if it's not something that will show your Go programming skills.

#### Done?

Great job! When you're all finished, archive your work and send it over email to us 🙌

Commit message:

Add global README and specific Go README

README.md, after:

### 24metrics.io coding challenges collection

The 24metrics.io coding challenge is an opportunity to demonstrate proficiency with problem solving, collaboration skills, and curiosity we would expect you to demonstrate at 24metrics.

### Your Challenge README

Include the following in your README:

- A description of the problem and solution.
- The reasoning behind your technical decisions: trade-offs you might have made, anything you left out, or what you might do differently if you had additional time.
- How you would proceed and why.

### Commit History

Use whatever development workflow works best for you. If your solution is small enough and a single commit is justified, that is fine. We just ask that you keep your commit history as clean as possible.

### What We Care About

Reviewing the application we'll look at the following aspects:

- **Clarity:** Does the README clearly explain the problem and solution?
- **Correctness:** Does the submission accomplish what was asked for? If there is anything missing, does the README explain why it is missing?
- **Code quality:** Is the code simple, easy to understand, and maintainable? Is it aligned with the community-accepted way of solving similar problems?
- **Testing:** If required, what testing approach was taken? Will the tests be difficult to change if the requirements of the application changed?
- **Technical decisions:** Do choices of libraries, algorithms, and architecture seem appropriate for the challenge?

### Links To Specific Challenges

- [Go Programming Challenge](https://github.com/24metrics/coding-challenges/blob/master/go-challenge.md)
